
skip to main contentskip to footer

Denver Metro Service Alert
Due to the severe ongoing weather conditions in the Greater Denver Metropolit...
MoreDismiss
Selected Language - US - English
US - English
close icon
Support
Schedule & ETA
Make a Payment
Drop-Off Locations
Log In
Residential
Commercial
Environmental Solutions
Sustainability
About Us
Commercial Trash & Recycling Service
Reliable, sustainable waste pickup service for small and medium businesses.

Find business waste pickup service
Enter business details to check availability.
First Name

0/150 letters
Last Name

0/150 letters
Phone

Email

Address
​
800 Capitol Street, Houston, Texas 77002
Address (Required)
Business Type

By providing your phone number and email address above and clicking Check Availability, you agree to receive emails and calls from WM related to WM’s products or services. Consent is not a condition of purchase. You may unsubscribe at any time. You also agree to WM’s Privacy Policy and the website Terms of Use.

One-Year Service Agreement
Gives you choice and flexibility.

For Tomorrow®
Let us help you achieve your sustainability goals.

My WM Self-Service Tools
Put control of your service in your hands.

Our Service Guarantee
If WM fails to perform the services as described in the Service Summary of your agreement and does not remedy the failure within five (5) business days of receipt of written notice, you can terminate the agreement without penalty.

Better Waste Service
collapse icon
In 3 Simple Steps
 

STEP 1
Sign Up Online

Choose your service, pickup frequency and collection days in just a few minutes.
STEP 2
Start Service

You'll get an email confirming your commercial waste service details before collections start.
STEP 3
Use My WM

Make payments, schedule extra pickups, change service levels and more, all in one convenient place.
Dumpster Sizes
collapse icon
For Any Business
 

A woman stands next to a 2 yard commercial trash dumpster with container dimensions for scale
2 Yard Commercial Dumpster
Holds: 400 lbs.

Best For: Small restaurants and companies with up to 25 employees

See 2 Yard Dumpster Details
A woman stands next to a 3 yard commercial trash dumpster with container dimensions for scale
3 Yard Commercial Dumpster
Holds: 600 lbs.

Best For: Businesses with up to 50 employees

See 3 Yard Dumpster Details
A woman stands next to a 4 yard commercial trash dumpster with container dimensions for scale
4 Yard Commercial Dumpster
Holds: 800 lbs.

Best For: Midsize restaurants and companies with up to 100 employees

See 4 Yard Dumpster Details
A man stands next to a 6 yard commercial trash dumpster with container dimensions for scale
6 Yard Commercial Dumpster
Holds: 1,200 lbs.

Best For: Midsize to large businesses with up to 250 employees

See 6 Yard Dumpster Details
WM 8 yard commercial dumpster with man and container dimensions for scale
8 Yard Commercial Dumpster
Holds: 1,800 lbs.

Best For: Large businesses with up to 500 employees

See 8 Yard Dumpster Details
Want to know more? Contact WM today.
From single containers to complex waste management — or if you're just curious about waste services — you can trust North America's #1 provider to set you up with the perfect solution. Submit our contact form and we'll be in touch.

Primary Address

0/150 letters
Primary ZIP Code

Business Name

0/150 letters
Average Sq. Ft. of Building(s)

0/150 letters
First Name

0/150 letters
Last Name

0/150 letters
Phone Number

Email Address

Which services are you interested in?

By clicking Submit, you agree to be contacted by WM via phone or email. You can unsubscribe at any time. View our Privacy Policy for details, including California Privacy Rights.

Other Business Waste Services
Solutions for Any Waste Needs









Commercial Trash and Recycling Service FAQs
Get answers to frequently asked questions about trash services for small and medium businesses.


Size matters when it comes to trash. WM has many dumpster and container options available to handle all your commercial waste and recycling needs. We make it easy to have your facilities serviced so you can focus on running your business.

Front-load dumpsters are most often used for non-residential, business or commercial waste collection and come in 2-yard, 4-yard, 6-yard or 8-yard options. They’re perfect for business such as office buildings; manufacturing plants; distribution centers; apartments or multi-family properties; hotels; schools and universities; shopping centers; grocery and convenience stores; auto body shops; hair and nail salons; restaurants; hospitals and healthcare offices; etc.

Front-load dumpsters and rear-load dumpsters typically have the same capacity for trash and refuse. The key difference is the way the truck picks up and empties the dumpster. With a front-loading dumpster, there are metal slots on both sides of the dumpster where the truck forks insert and the container is lifted and emptied over the top of the truck cab.

With rear-load dumpsters, the truck connects directly to the face of the dumpster, usually by way of a cable. This means rear-load dumpsters don’t have slots on the sides, making them ideal for tighter spaces.

The tops of both types of containers are made of hard plastic. The biggest difference between the two of them is that slanted-top dumpsters are better suited for very cold environments and facilitate better drainage for melting snow and ice.

WM will consult with you to identify a location(s) that is easily accessible for our trucks and drivers and safe for your customers and employees.

Business trash pickup is once per week with additional days available by request. We make it easy to up-size your dumpster or arrange for additional pickups based on the seasonality and peaks of your business.

WM recognizes that our business customers have many different priorities and that their time is valuable. We offer 24/7 online support through the My WM portal and online chat features. We send digital alerts and notifications and offer AutoPay and Paperless Billing. The My WM account portal allows you to track and manage your business account’s records online.

If you need further assistance, you can visit our Support Center for troubleshooting and contact options.

Roll-off dumpsters — so named because they have wheels and are unloaded from the back of a roll-off truck — are ideal for manufacturers; commercial or residential renovations; construction and demolition firms; land, yard or tree trimming and removal; festivals and large events; and agricultural harvests. Some types of waste, especially hazardous, are not allowed in roll-off dumpsters and/or require an additional fee.

WM offers a variety of roll-off dumpster sizes ranging from 10-cubic-yards to 40-cubic-yards of capacity. Our experienced team uses extreme thoughtfulness when determining the location where the dumpster will sit on the property as our trucks need to be able to easily access it for waste removal and to place it back in its original location once emptied.

A compactor is an electrically powered machine that reduces the size of waste material by pressing on it with significant force (compaction), thereby greatly reducing the space needed for storage. Compactors are ideal for businesses that generate large amounts of waste or use significant quantities of recyclable materials. WM compactors are fully enclosed and range in size from 2 cubic yards to 40 cubic yards. 

Up-front costs for compactors are typically larger than that of roll-off dumpsters; however, over time, compactors yield savings by reducing trash pickup counts or recycling sell-offs. Compactors are often used by hospitals, distribution centers, manufacturing companies, industrial plants and recycling centers. Because of the internal blade, employee training is strongly recommended prior to installing a compactor. WM is happy to provide training ideas and solutions, if needed.

WM offers commercial and industrial recycling services. There is no “one size fits all” approach and we’re happy to work with you on a customized solution. We invite you to visit our Support Center to identify how our recycling services can meet your specific business ecology and needs.

Our most common recycling services include weekly pickup of commonly recycled items, such as cardboard, paper and everyday metals or plastics. In select areas and markets, we offer heavy duty paper, steel, aluminum, fiber and plastics recycling. Typically, these items are collected through roll-off dumpsters, front-load containers or compactors. These specialized recycling offerings can be packaged with your regular business waste service at a great value.

We recognize that some of our industrial customers may generate special and sometimes hazardous waste. You can trust that WM handles such material in an environmentally responsible manner. Our capacity, industry experience and trade leadership allow us to identify the type of waste and to customize the removal, allowing for heightened safety measures and specialized disposal processes. We ensure environmental compliance and provide “cradle to grave” compliance tracking.

Products & Services
Customer Support
Quick Info
Our Company
Work With Us
Waste Management on FacebookWhite Facebook icon
Waste Management on XWhite X social media icon
Waste Management on InstagramWhite Instagram icon
Waste Management on LinkedInWhite LinkedIn icon
Waste Management on YouTubeWhite YouTube icon
Waste Management on TikTokWhite TikTok icon
© 2025 WM Intellectual Property Holdings, L.L.C.
Sitemap
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Disputes/Arbitration
|
Accessibility
Your Privacy Choices
California Privacy Notice
WM, formerly known as Waste Management, is North America's leading provider of comprehensive environmental solutions.

Feedback
