
  SHARE:  


Join Our Email List


For Immediate Release
October 20, 2021
Facebook ‌ Twitter ‌ Instagram ‌

Ryland Environmental to begin providing collection services in January 2022



Beginning January 1, 2022, solid waste services (collection of trash, recycling, yard waste, and bulk waste) will be managed by Ryland Environmental. A press conference was held on Wednesday, October 20 to discuss the details, and it can be watched by clicking here.
 
“Macon-Bibb County is serious about trash and recycling. We understand your pain. We have all struggled through this together,” said Mayor Lester Miller. “We know that we will have immediate improvement once this transition begins with Ryland Environmental.”
 
New trash and recycling carts will be delivered starting in December. Every household will get a new trash can, and if a house has a recycling cart, it will receive a new one.
 
“We want to make this transition as smooth as possible. We have had some guarantees from the prior hauler that would be the case. We also intend to put together a transition team to go through this process,” said Ryland Environmental Managing Partner James Lanier. “Thank you to the Mayor and Commissioners for giving us this opportunity and I give you my word that we will not let you down.
 
Trash and recycling collection days will remain the same for most of the county. The southern part of the county currently being served by Ryland will have their collection day go back to Monday, which is what it was prior to this past summer. 
 
Yard & bulk waste collections will now be on the same day of the week as trash and recycling. In December, Macon-Bibb County will launch a new interactive map that will allow people to search their collection day by address.

‌



Facebook ‌ Twitter ‌ Instagram ‌

About the Hub

﻿The Hub is Macon-Bibb County's source of information for employees, residents, businesses, and partners. With this regular e-blast, the Office of Public Affairs provides a consistent flow of information about the efforts and successes of the consolidated government and partners to strengthen Macon-Bibb as the Hub City of Middle Georgia.

	

Office of Communications

The Office of Communications include Media Relations, MaconBibbTV, and Customer Service. Its goal is to provide people information about the consolidated government and partner organizations,
and to give them the chance to provide feedback, ask questions,
and request services. 

The Office has earned multiple
recognitions for its efforts.
		

Macon-Bibb County

Macon-Bibb County is the fourth largest city in Georgia. Created on January 1, 2014 after being approved by the voters, it is Georgia's newest consolidated government and serves about 155,000 residents and thousands more visitors.

Its governing body consists of 10 Commissioners, with the Mayor serving as its Chair and the Chief Executive Office of the administration.


